docs(teryl-release): add day one patch notes (#4)
skyra-project/blog.skyra.pw: content/4.teryl-release.md

  - Now accepts a title option.
  - The number of options lowered from 20 to 5, we may increase it to 10 if Discord implements multi-value options.
- **reminders**
  - Added search for reminders by ID or content.
  - Added an option to create public and multi-user reminders.
  - Added an option to reschedule reminders.
  - Added an option to change a reminder's contents.
  - Reminders are now sent inside an embed, allowing masked links such as `[Skyra](https://skyra.pw)`.
- **dictionary**

  - Now displays only one definition, we will look into adding more definitions in the future.
  - Now hides profane words automatically.

  ::card{type="warning"}

  This is a manual list of words we test against Owlbot, if you find a word (or a set of words) that should be hidden,

>   please let us know at [Skyra Lounge](https://discord.com/invite/6gakFR2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  please let us know by joining [Skyra Lounge](https://discord.gg/6gakFR2).
```

  - Now shows the reason why a subreddit is quarantined or gated.
  - Improved subreddit name filter.
- **weather**

>   - Now uses the user's default for the `system` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Now selects the `system` option automatically as based on the user's preferred Discord language.
```
